As You Like It

"Thou art like a toad; ugly and venomous.”

Measure For Measure

“Thou art a flesh-monger, a fool and a coward.”

Henry IV Part I

“A weasel hath not such a deal of spleen as you are toss’d with.”

All’s Well That Ends Well

“A most notable coward, an infinite and endless liar, an hourly promise breaker, the owner of no one good quality.”

Henry IV Part II

“You scullion! You rampallian! You fustilarian! I’ll tickle your catastrophe!”

King Lear

“Thou art the son and heir of a mongrel bitch.”

Cymbeline

“Thy tongue outvenoms all the worms of Nile.”

Troilus And Cressida

“Thou art as loathsome as a toad.”

Macbeth

“Go, prick thy face, and over-red thy fear, thou lily-liver’d boy.”

Henry IV Part I

“You starveling, you eel-skin, you dried neat’s-tongue, you bull’s-pizzle, you stock-fish–O for breath to utter what is like thee!-you tailor’s-yard, you sheath, you bow-case, you vile standing tuck!”

Richard III 

“Out of my sight! thou dost infect my eyes.”

All’s Well That Ends Well 

“A most notable coward, an infinite and endless liar, an hourly promise breaker, the owner of no one good quality.”

As You Like It

“I do desire that we may be better strangers.”

Henry IV Part I

“There’s no more faith in thee than in a stewed prune.”

King Lear

“Thou art a boil, a plague sore, an embossed carbuncle in my corrupted blood.”

Much Ado About Nothing

“You have such a February face, so full of frost, of storm and cloudiness.”

The Comedy Of Errors

“No longer from head to foot than from hip to hip, she is spherical, like a globe, I could find out countries in her.”

Coriolanus

“More of your conversation would infect my brain.”

A Midsummer Night’s Dream

“Tempt not too much the hatred of my spirit, for I am sick when I do look on thee.”

All’s Well That Ends Well

“By mine honour, if I were but two hours younger, I’d beat thee. Methink’st thou art a general offence, and every man should beat thee.”

Macbeth

“You should be women, and yet your beards forbid me to interpret that you are so.”

All’s Well That Ends Well 

“Your virginity breeds mites, much like a cheese.”

Othello

“Heaven truly knows that thou art false as hell.”

The Two Gentlemen Of Verona

“You, minion, are too saucy.”

Coriolanus

“You abilities are too infant-like for doing much alone.”

Henry IV Part I

“Thou art as fat as butter.”

The Taming Of The Shrew

“Away, you three inch fool.”

Hamlet

“They have a plentiful lack of wit.”

King John

“O you beast! I’ll so maul you and your toasting-iron, That you shall think the devil is come from hell.”

All’s Well That Ends Well

“You are not worth another word, else I’d call you knave.”
